Automatic, characterized and prioritized transactions to credit card accounts from one credit card account, method and computer software . "This paper describes a system and a computer software invention for automatic characterized and prioritized credit cards transactions and charge system. Typical credit cards accounts are categorized by their characters. These characters are offered by the credit cards corporations to its customers and include best interest rates, membership fees, cash advanced, line of credit, benefits like mileage, gift certificates, and similar. When a credit card user is using his/hers account, most of the cases it is done arbitrarily or by credit availability. In many cases the credit card user is not utilizing his/hers other cards lower interests and benefits. Using an automated software tool and method, as we will describe in this invention, a credit card user combines all of his/hers credits cards accounts into one credit facilitate account. This one credit system, automatically prioritize and charges the best credit card account according to the user's best interest, furthermore it will combine all the line of credits from his/her credit cards into one ""big"" line of credit. The one credit system accumulates the users' credit cards available credit into one account. When a transaction is made, the system searches the user's most beneficial credit card account and charges the amount to it. The most beneficial account is defined by the system according to its characteristics and benefits. These characteristics are low interest, additional benefits (mileage, gift points, etc') provided by credit cards corporations and/or financial institutions. The system may automatically split the full amount between few accounts for the best interest rate and/or other benefits. The user gets a monthly statement that shows the total charges and makes one payment which will be distributed among the different credit card accounts that he/she combined to the one credit card account. The statement shows to which account the charge was made and the reasons for the credit card account selection. Also the system provides a minimal payment due to cover all necessary credit card accounts. User can setup the system to pay the minimum amount required or more according to desire. Using this system, method and computer software user may save enormous amount of money and gain all the possible additional benefits using their credit cards. The system is a secured web based computer software and method that allows users to define and prioritized their credit accounts for automatic selection according to priorities and benefits. The system automatically identifies the user's credit accounts limits and availability and charges the best amount for the user's best benefits. The system also covers refunds in a similar way. All refunds will be credited to the best credit account(s) according to the user's preset priorities."
