Computerized patent and trademark fee payment method and system . An improved computerized method and system for the payment of patent and trademark fees is disclosed. The patent or trademark fee for a client of a firm includes foreign payables chargeable against an account maintained by an organization separate from the firm. The system includes a server coupled to the Internet, the server including a website for foreign invoice entry and including a database of invoices, the invoices containing identification information for a matter of a client of a firm and a requested foreign fee associated with the matter for payment to an outside vendor or foreign associate. A number of remote terminals are coupled to the Internet, at least one of the remote terminals including an order entry system. The remote terminals adapted for generating the foreign invoice and uploading the foreign invoice to the database of invoices. The order entry system adapted for reviewing the foreign invoices and issuing a charge for the foreign fee. A fee computer system is included, maintained by a first organization separate from the firm. The fee computer system is receptive to data electronically transmitted by the remote terminal including the order entry system and can be used to price on-line the foreign fee as a foreign payable in United States currency for payment on a selected date and can instruct a currency exchange business or financial institution to pay the foreign payable on the selected date. According to one method embodiment of the present invention, the system includes software means operative on the website and the order entry system. The software means operative for performing the method of the present invention. The method includes generating a electronic invoice, including inputting identification information for a matter of a client of a firm and a requested foreign fee associated with the matter for payment to an outside vendor or foreign associate as data representing the identification information into one of the remote terminals. The method includes uploading the electronic invoice to a database of invoices on the server. The method includes issuing a charge for the requested foreign fee at the remote terminal for transmittal to the outside vendor or foreign associate, the charge payable against an account maintained by an organization separate from the firm. Data representing information regarding the charge for the requested fee is electronically transmitted from the remote terminal to a fee computer system maintained by the organization. The fee computer system is used to price the requested foreign fee as a foreign payable in United States currency for payment on a selected date. The method further includes using the fee computer system to instruct a currency exchange business or financial institution to pay the foreign payable on the selected date. According to the teachings of the present invention, the method further includes using the fee computer system for adding a finance/processing charge that provides for allowing the law firm to pay for the foreign payable at a later date. Other aspects of methods and systems are also disclosed herein.
