COMPUTER IMPLEMENTED METHOD AND SYSTEM FOR THE AUTOMATED SELECTION, AGGREGATION, CAPTURE, ANALYSIS, AND PRESENTATION OF RESIDENTIAL AND COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE INFORMATION . The subject invention is directed to a computer implemented method and system for selecting and presenting information to buyers, sellers, and investors of residential or commercial real estate by licensed residential or commercial real estate agents in a user/server environment accessed through a Web site. The computer implemented method includes accessing a server through a Web site by a licensed residential or commercial real estate agent. The agent provides information relating to an existing or potential client's buying or selling criteria in order to create at least one residential or commercial data request. The data request is transmitted to a real estate Multiple Listing Service (MLS) for processing and the data is returned to the system Web site for presentation processing. The system compiles and organizes the data into a buyer, seller, or investor presentation including data reports, graphic displays, data explanations, and data summaries. The subject invention contains a Settlement Estimates module that does not require the user to be a licensed residential or commercial agent. The Settlement Estimates module estimates current property demand values, projected list prices, anticipated or projected offers, and seller net revenues received at settlement or buyer funds necessary to complete a transaction at settlement. The Settlement Estimates module is associated with specific properties in specific states and cities to account for the total investment necessary to finalize a transaction and account for the varying taxes and settlement closing fees relating to specific jurisdictions. Agents select print, file, or e-mail options for transmitting, delivering, or presenting the information to buyers, sellers or investors to support the client's decision making process. Non-agents may enter the Web site to access settlement information that does not require a residential or commercial real estate license and does not require access to the Multiple Listing Service. Both licensed agents and non-licensed users store the processed information and system outputs on the Web site for reference, updating, or comparative analysis.
