Electronic transaction processing server with automated transaction evaluation . An electronic transaction processing server receives and evaluates invoice transaction files. The server comprises a network circuit for communicating over a frame switched network with each of a plurality of participating systems. The participating systems comprising at least one customer workstation and at least one vendor workstation. A session management engine establishes a first secure session with a customer workstation and provides, to the customer workstation, a configuration document. The configuration document enables customer selection of evaluation parameters. The session management engine receives a post of the selected evaluation parameters and writes an indication of the selected evaluation parameters to a rules definition table. The session management engine further establishing a second secure session with a vendor workstation, receives an invoice file from the vendor workstation, and loads invoice line item values from the invoice file to records in a database. An evaluation engine applies the evaluation parameters from the rules definition table by: a) identifying a selected line item, the selected line item being a line item of the invoice to which the evaluation parameters are applicable; and b) performing one of: i) the true action if comparing the evaluation value to the value of the selected line item using the mathematical operand generates a true result; and ii) the false action if comparing the evaluation value to the value of the selected line item using the mathematical operand generates a false result. The session management engine further provides an extracted invoice file to the customer workstation. The extracted invoice file includes, for at least the selected line item, both: a) the value of the selected line item as provided in the invoice file uploaded by the vendor workstation; and b) one of i) an auto analysis comment written to an auto analysis field of a record associated with the invoice line item; and ii) an auto analysis resulting value written to an auto analysis resulting value field of a record associated with the invoice line item.
