Independent sales organization toolbox (ISO) internet software system . "The acquiring of transactional payments and merchant processing within the payments industry can be seen as a shifting business model that reflects the desires of financial sales and service organizations, from multiple channels, as well as entrepreneurial individuals, to engage in various aspects of the merchant payments processing business. With this in mind the ISO Toolbox System is a software solution-designed and developed for the purpose of enabling these types of businesses to manage all aspect of sales, contract underwriting, transaction processing, settlement and customer servicing of sales channels, financial service organizations and customers themselves. The system processing capabilities required to engage in this type of business necessitate the utilization of state-of-the-art software engineered and that can be prepared as a ""turn-key"" system solution to meet the needs of organizations operating in this industry. At the present there is no single system solution capable of enablement of an enterprise to begin operating in all aspects of the business on a single platform, maintained in-house and capable of being operated over the Internet. For this reason the ISO Toolbox to be developed to provide capabilities for sales and service organizations to have access to and utilize this suite of applications to fully enable back-office support and processing for customers of any mainframe merchant system processing company. This product will be developed in multiple phases. The ISO Toolbox Solutions will provide customers desiring to gain process efficiencies for the strategic and operational needs necessary to support a merchant payments processing business. The system solution will be an Internet based application that can supply any ISO using the solution the capability of tracking customer handling and support all operational capabilities and efficiencies related to account acquisition and setup. In addition, additional efficiencies will be gained from the system's proposed integration between platforms to which it has interface capabilities. These capabilities will provide support for the tracking of accounts in the pipeline as well as management reporting at multiple levels. The software application will also provide the quantitative information needed to support for the sales channel compensation and reporting needs, customer servicing needs and all aspects of operational automation and reporting."
