Method and apparatus for managing information and communications related to municipal bonds and other securities . The present invention is a method and apparatus for gathering information from issuers of municipal securities and distributing information evenly to municipal disclosure repositories, regulatory bodies and the public. A central aspect of the present invention is a computer application, which can be implemented on a computer system that is attached to a network of computers and other communication devices, such as the Internet. Initially, the application accepts the full name description of a particular municipal security issue, together with a unique identifier assigned by CUSIP. The system grants a secured and encrypted user id and password to the issuer enabling the issuer to enter ongoing information about the issue. This information may include annual audits of the issuer, certain operating data, and any event notices deemed material by the issuer. Such information is provided to comply with the contractual obligations of the issuer to the bond holders and to provide Brokers and Dealers with a procedure for facilitating regulatory requirements that provide prompt notice of events relating to bonds they recommend to customers. For information that is required to be submitted on a periodic basis, the system determines when the information is due to be submitted, and prompts the issuer to file such information with the system. This information is then published to the public, and, simultaneously, transmitted to the municipal disclosure repositories and/or regulatory bodies via a one-click dissemination system. If the issuer does not submit the required information by the due date, the system files a notice that the required information was not submitted by the issuer. Additionally, the system establishes an audit trail for gathering and the distribution of the information. Another important aspect of the audit includes receiving and archiving a receipt that information was transmitted to the municipal disclosure repositories and/or regulatory body. Finally, the system provides a secure platform for communication and teleconferencing among issuers and their investors.
