Method and system to us either or both a centralized function in order to facilitate property use arrangements, and/or to use life insurance policy death benefits as balance sheet assets. These may or may not encourage loan default and foreclosure avoidance . Supporting the homebuyer's ability to remain in their property, in lieu of default and foreclosure, this method and system is useful in order to create a temporary solution to the rising problem of loan defaults. This method and system may be used for any loan. Instead of a lender processing a judicial or non-judicial foreclosure, and thereby absorbing large debits on their balance sheet, a lender may use this method and system in order to maintain an offsetting balance sheet asset until a new loan is issued. This method and system may be employed for as long as the lender and borrower wish, i.e. as long as the workout takes. The lender and borrower secure for a life insurance policy, on the borrower's life. The death benefit equals a proportion of the amount of the defaulting loan or the difference between the property value and the loan amount. There is insurable interest. The policy may be owned by the Lender/Lessor or the Borrower/Lessee (previous borrower). The Lender and Borrower negotiate a lease-option on the property. Once the insurance policy and lease-option are secured, the borrower may quit claim the property to the lender. The lease-option gives the borrower the right to repurchase the property. The borrower pays the costs listed below (1-9), as parts of the monthly lease payment. Payments go to a central account. The central account uses the gross rents to then: 1. Pay escrow costs, if any. 2. Pay property management costs, if any. 3. Pay central account management fees. 4. Pay life insurance premiums or accruals. 5. Pay referring agent a referral fee for ongoing work, if any. 6. Pay property maintenance accruals. 7. Pay property insurance premiums or accruals. 8. Pay property taxes or accruals. 9. Pay other costs as needed. 10. Pay remaining monies to the Lessor.
